hey Dora I smuggled some steroids want
them yeah I would like steroids
ouch oh yeah baby
I feel real good
oh my God look at Dora oh my god
Dora may have been taking steroids let's
tell our teacher
all right class today we will be having
a medical check-up dis medical check-up
will tell if you have been taking any
narcotics go to the medical laboratory
now all right we will now run a test to
say if you had or haven't been taking
any form of illicit narcotics lol lol oh
oh oh how dare you take narcotics
steroids that's it go to the dean's
office now Dora how could you take
steroids that's it you're expelled for
ninety thousand decades go home now
while I call your parents
door I can't believe you talked a
stearate room English beer so glad you
are grounded grounded grounded grounded
for five Tranquility that's it we are
attacking you to the hospital
and then you will receive a belt where
things boot first we are going to Ottawa
mental breakdown
you
Oh Pedro how they use nuclear States
inter-school inhibit em Torah critics
p84 no Ventimiglia days that's it you're
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded forth in Thornton Tom
indicators for this we using the utility
Eames
oh god no not the audience I don't want
to go to the audience
Vova I'm sending you better right no
uh-uh
oh no I got sent to the audience
Oh No what is happening
get back here audience that is it you
are grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded four four four four
four four four four four four nine nine
nine eight five eight five five eight
eight eight years longer time